---
layout:     post
title:      Stop using flash!
date:       2015-03-06 12:32:18
summary:    Listen to Pandora in your bash terminal.
categories: jekyll pixyll
---

An important part of programming is your work environment. Hacking away at a busy café, on the train, or in a lively office environment with loud noises and distractions is a detriment to productivity. The simplest and most common way to improve your work environment is to listen to music whether its reggae, John Legend, Rage Against the Machine, or my personal favorite: 90s R&B. 

Pandora is free web app in which users create stations based on artists or tracks and Pandora compiles into the station other artist and tracks that fits the users musical taste. The one caveat is that the Pandora web app is still running on flash which is a ridiculous resource hog which can significantly slash your battery life. 

Shout out to Youtube for dropping flash for HTML5!

The solution? Stream to your  terminal via pianobar! Here is how to get started with homebrew for OSX (don’t have homebrew? Follow instructions [here.](http://brew.sh/))   :
 
	1. Open up your terminal
	2. Run the following command: brew install pianobar
	3. One finished, run the following command: pianobar
	4. Enter your email address linked to your account.
	5. Enter password.
	6. Choose  a station from your stations by their number.
	7. That’s it!

The interface is all controlled via the terminal and keystrokes. For a complete list of commands just press ?. 

The most commonly used key commands: 
	• N : next
	• P: pause
	• Q: quit
	• S: change station

Kids, just say no to flash. 

